README.md, before:

# BrainBox
A BrainBox-like web game

## Prerequisites:

***1. Docker***





### How to install:

***Windows / Mac OS:***

Download from https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/

***Linux:***

1. Run the dependencies shell script (make sure to chmod the file)

2. Run the following `sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-buildx-plugin docker-compose-plugin`




### How to run:

***I. Database***
  1. On your Terminal, go to the folder including the Dockerfile for the mysql server (with `cd Database`)

  2. Run the following command `docker build -t {name_of_your_database_image} .`

  3. After the docker image is built, run the following command to run the container `docker run -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD={example_password_for_root_user} -e MYSQL_PASSWORD={example_password_for_default_user} -p 3306:3306 {name_of_your_database_image}`
  
  ***!! Keep in mind that the MYSQL_PASSWORD should be the same password as the one provided in schema.sql file !!***

  4. The database server is now running on localhost on 3306 (default) port


  ***II. Webserver***
  1. On your Terminal, go to the folder including the Dockerfile for the website server (with `cd Website`)

  2. Run the following command `docker build -t {name_of_your_webserver_image} .`

  3. After the docker image is built, run the following command to run the container `docker run -p 8080:8080 {name_of_your_webserver_image}`

  4. The website server is now running on localhost on port 8080

   ***!! PS. Currently only supports http calls, no https as its a dev environment. The next thing in to-do is to add letsencrypt certificate creation to enable SSL and https calls !!***

Commit message:

#3 add ssl certificates for https connection

README.md, after:

# BrainBox
A BrainBox-like web game

## Prerequisites:

***1. Docker***
***2. KeePass***





### How to install:

***Windows / Mac OS:***

Download from https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/ and https://keepass.info/download.html

***Linux:***

1. Run the dependencies shell script (make sure to chmod the file)

2. Run the following `sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-buildx-plugin docker-compose-plugin`

For KeePass, use the link for Windows / Mac OS




### How to run:

***I. Database***
  1. On your Terminal, go to the folder including the Dockerfile for the mysql server (with `cd Database`)

  2. Run the following command `docker build -t {name_of_your_database_image} .`

  3. After the docker image is built, run the following command to run the container `docker run -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD={example_password_for_root_user} -e MYSQL_PASSWORD={example_password_for_default_user} -p 3306:3306 {name_of_your_database_image}`
  
  ***!! Keep in mind that the MYSQL_PASSWORD should be the same password as the one provided in schema.sql file !!***

  4. The database server is now running on localhost on 3306 (default) port


  ***II. Webserver***
  1. On your Terminal, go to the folder including the Dockerfile for the website server (with `cd Website`)

  2. Run the following command `docker build -t {name_of_your_webserver_image} .`

  3. After the docker image is built, run the following command to run the container `docker run -p 8080:8080 {name_of_your_webserver_image}`

  4. The website server is now running on localhost on port 8080 but unprotected
  
  ***Optional: Webserver with self-signed dev certificate ***
  1. Run the `cert_dependencies.ps` script
  2. On your Terminal, go to the folder including the Dockerfile for the website server (with `cd Website`)
  3. Open the Certificates folder inside Website folder and open the .kdbs file inside with KeePass software (Get the password from Krasi)
  4. When you have accessed the encrypted database file, there are 2 entries in there, certificate and key, save both of them (right click -> attachments -> save as...) in the same directory as the .kdbs file
  5. Proceed with the same Docker build command
  6. Proceed with the same Docker run command above, but also add `-p 443:443` in the parameters (eg. `-p 8080:8080 -p 443:443`)
  7. The website server is now running on localhost on both ports 8080 and 443 with https redirect and secure connection
